(UPBEAT MUSIC)
I am here shooting this film
Called Mise en Place.
Well, my role today on set
is where I  be the
director calling out.
I'm doing production design.
I'm doing the sound
recording on the boom.
Because I have an interest in
doing film and photography,
decided to do Bus Stop Films
to learn more skills
about filming and that.
Oh, I'm definitely
having lots of fun.
I think the standard for me
is probably doing the slate.
People have low expectations
of people with disability
in a work setting
and this film is sort of
I guess about challenging that a bit
and also just showing that
people living with disability
can bring something
to any workplace.
Kind of change of gear
of emotion for me.
It has been a really different...
It's a challenge.
I love getting out
of my comfort zone,
So this is a great, it's a
highlight for me be angry
Be angry, happy,
be angry, happy,
I even point like that with a finger,
I feel so guilty.
I think the standout moment for me
was lining up the first shot
with Ash in the hallway
and getting first idea of
what the film looked like.
That's probably one of my standout moments.
Yeah, the standout
moment for me today
was the scene that we just did.
It was a really intense scene and
Ash did such a wonderful job
-Yeah
-Didn't you
and did a great job,
and also, it was just really nice
because we'd have
the students, like,
coming in between takes and
like, direct us...
It's really awesome
to see the students
bringing to life their
production putting in
practice what they've been
learning in the classroom.
All the team working on the
production, the cast and crew,
I'm really grateful for
everyone's contribution
to bring the film to life and
awesome to see the students
actively participating
in the crew roles.
It's brilliant.
At Optus, we believe
that great things happen
when you have the commitment
and optimism to say yes
and Bus Stop Films does
that every day of the week.
They take people's dreams
and turn them into
promising careers.
What a fantastic opportunity
for two organisations to come together on 'Mise en Place'
and we can't wait to work
together in the future.
It's really lovely to have
great support from Optus
to bring this production to life.
I think the stand out on set today
has been the amazing energy
that the set has.
It's just a lovely set to be on.
ASHLEY: I really love
working with you
Aww, I love working with you too.
(LAUGHTER)
Yeah, we just need more
different people making films,
I mean, I'm getting slightly bored
with a lot of things that I'm seeing,
and I think being more inclusive
will get more exciting things on screen.
Films are better
when they celebrate
the experiences
and voices of everyone
in the community.
This is very powerful.
This is going to be one
of my favorite experiences
I ever have working
in media, I think.